doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.execution/stages.before/createServerGroup.md

| `input.stage.context.name`                                | `string`  | The name of the server group.                                                                                                              |
| `input.stage.context.provider`                            | `string`  | The name of the cloud provider that will execute the stage.                                                                                |
| `input.stage.context.reason`                              | `string`  | The user-provided reason for creating the server group.                                                                                    |
| `input.stage.context.spotPrice`                           | `string`  | The maximum price per unit hour to pay for a Spot instance.                                                                                |
| `input.stage.context.stack`                               | `string`  | Stack is one of the core naming components of a cluster, used to create vertical stacks of dependent services for integration testing.     |

> | `input.stage.context.strategy`                            | `string`  | The deployment strategy tells Spinnaker what to do with the previous version of the server group.                                          |

Reviewer: This accepts a string but only certain strings right if it's for deployment strategies. We should list the deployment strategies

| `input.stage.context.subnetType`                          | `string`  | The subnet selection determines the VPC in which your server group will run. Options vary by account and region; the most common ones are:<br/> None (EC2 Classic): instances will not run in a VPC.<br/> Internal: instances will be restricted to internal clients (i.e. require VPN access).<br/> External: instances will be publicly accessible and running in VPC. |

> | `input.stage.context.targetHealthyDeployPercentage`       | `number`  | What percentage of the ASG should be healthy instances during rollouts.                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `input.stage.context.targetHealthyDeployPercentage`       | `number`  | What percentage of the autoscaling group should be healthy instances during rollouts.                                                                    |
```

| `input.stage.context.terminationPolicies[]`               | `string`  |                                                                                                                                            |
| `input.stage.context.type`                                | `string`  | The name of this stage, typically `createServerGroup`.                                                                                     |

> | `input.stage.context.useAmiBlockDeviceMappings`           | `boolean` | Spinnaker will use the block device mappings from the selected AMI when deploying a new server group.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `input.stage.context.useAmiBlockDeviceMappings`           | `boolean` | Armory Enterprise uses the block device mappings from the selected AMI when deploying a new server group.                                      |
```
